Add desktop application canvas (#7527)
camptocamp/ngeo: docs/developer-guide.md

Type `make help` to display available targets.

## Code structure

> We have 3 repository with sources code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have 3 repositories with sources code:
```

> - `src`: this folder contain the major part of source code.
> - `srcapi`: this folder contain the source code witch we offer a more stable API.
> - `api`: this folder contain the JavaScript api of the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `src`: this folder contains the major part of source code.
- `srcapi`: this folder contains the source code which we offer a more stable API.
- `api`: this folder contains the JavaScript API of the project.
```
